docs/DESCRIPTION.md, before:

# Submission name

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Nunc lacinia nisi ut fringilla sodales. Etiam elementum a arcu vel fringilla. Nulla ac efficitur felis. In a nisi bibendum, efficitur felis vel, consectetur quam. Aenean ornare justo velit, sed malesuada massa efficitur ut. Sed non augue vel risus tempus lacinia ac nec est. Nunc vel finibus felis. Vivamus felis diam, porta sed rhoncus eu, luctus eget justo. 

Mauris odio ante, rhoncus et varius vel, vulputate et enim. Aliquam erat volutpat. Proin lacinia libero velit, a dictum sapien ultricies quis. Vivamus dolor nibh, efficitur in ipsum vitae, faucibus eleifend felis. Praesent consectetur turpis sit amet lorem tempor cursus. Nullam nec lectus massa. Proin feugiat placerat nisi lacinia lobortis. Duis efficitur ac orci ac lobortis.

[Project website](https://sample-project.s3-web.us-east.cloud-object-storage.appdomain.cloud/)

## Section 1

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Nunc lacinia nisi ut fringilla sodales. Etiam elementum a arcu vel fringilla. Nulla ac efficitur felis. In a nisi bibendum, efficitur felis vel, consectetur quam. Aenean ornare justo velit, sed malesuada massa efficitur ut. Sed non augue vel risus tempus lacinia ac nec est. Nunc vel finibus felis. Vivamus felis diam, porta sed rhoncus eu, luctus eget justo. 

### Subsection 1.1

Mauris odio ante, rhoncus et varius vel, vulputate et enim. Aliquam erat volutpat. Proin lacinia libero velit, a dictum sapien ultricies quis. Vivamus dolor nibh, efficitur in ipsum vitae, faucibus eleifend felis.

### Subsection 1.2

Nullam nec lectus massa. Proin feugiat placerat nisi lacinia lobortis. Duis efficitur ac orci ac lobortis.

## Conclusion

The proposed model will provide the basis for a decision making process on choosing a construction option with
lower carbon emissions, ever since the planning and design phase. Calculating the carbon footprint by incorporating all forms of emissions: direct and indirect, downstream and upstream, can provide a comprehensive overview of the environmental impact. The model also creates a public awareness and provides education for managing and reducing carbon emissions, by self-evaluation and determination.

### Results

Nullam nec lectus massa. Proin feugiat placerat nisi lacinia lobortis. Duis efficitur ac orci ac lobortis.

## Acknowledgments

Nullam nec lectus massa. Proin feugiat placerat nisi lacinia lobortis. Duis efficitur ac orci ac lobortis.

Commit message:

UI changes for team and back button for articles

docs/DESCRIPTION.md, after:

# Track and reduce Carbon Footprint

Climate change and global warming are widely acknowledged as present challenges that have severe consequences for humanity and are mostly caused by GHG(Green House Gas) emissions from industrial and other anthropogenic activities.Restoring the ecological balance necessitates immediate reductions in GHG emissions. 

The total amount of greenhouse gases (GHG) produced to sustain a person's lifestyle and activities, both directly and indirectly, is referred to as a carbon footprint. Carbon footprints are commonly quantified in equivalent tonnes of CO2 over the course of a year and can be linked to a person, a company, a product, or an event, among other things.

The application aims in accepting input values from the individual's regarding their energy consumptions and produces them the overall carbon footprint which helps to keep a track of their day-to-day activies in reducing their carbon emission.

[Project website](https://sample-project.s3-web.us-east.cloud-object-storage.appdomain.cloud/)

## Sections

The application includes 3 sections. The Home page, Dashboard page and the Article page.

### Subsection 1.1

The homepage contains the calculation for carbon emission. The user can select the month and year from the drop down and input the values of the energy consumed for their daily activities, 
through which the user obtains their carbon footprint per year. There are three entities Housing, Travel and Food. The Housing entity contains various attributes such as electricity, 
Fuel oil etc where the user enters the energy consumed by them in the respective units mentioned. Once the values are submitted for all the entities, the total Carbon Footprint is 
calculated and displayed to the user.

### Subsection 1.2

The Dashboard page provides graphical representation using pie chart for the calculated Carbon Footprint for the user entered inputs.

### Subsection 1.3

The articles page contains information about the causes and remedies to reduce the individual Carbon footprints for various entites like housing, travel, product, food ,services and planting.

### Subsection 1.4

The Team page contains information about the team involved in the project and links to their github accounts.

## Conclusion

The proposed model will provide the basis for a decision making process on choosing a construction option with
lower carbon emissions, ever since the planning and design phase. Calculating the carbon footprint by incorporating all forms of emissions: direct and indirect, downstream and upstream, can provide a comprehensive overview of the environmental impact. The model also creates a public awareness and provides education for managing and reducing carbon emissions, by self-evaluation and determination.

### Results

The Carbon Footprint is calculated for the user entered values and the data is displayed to the use. The users can aso see the graphical representation of the submitted data under the 
dashboard section of the application . Using this approach theuser is made aware of the energy that he consumes and the Carbon Footprint that he produces which he can control.

## Acknowledgments

We would like to thank the IBM team for giving us an opportunity to work on various cloud services and thank each and everyone in the development team.
